a startling new report says fentanyl is  now the number one cause of death for  americans ages 1845  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  it is  while her parents say kendall was a good  student a competitive cheerleader with a  bright future go you got it you got it  they learned after the fact she had been  doing drugs 62 year old jerry platko  says it was the first time she'd ever  used her naloxone kit but you know the  strange thing about it i could hear them  and see them but i was dead they said my  heart stopped i could see the vlog  she recovered used again and knows  there's no way to be sure she won't od  again a 17 month old girl has become the  latest victim of the highly addictive  and dangerous drug fentanyl her father  31 year old frank marouzik is now  charged with her death the scary thing  about fentanyl is that it's such a  finite amount that can be  catastrophic [ __ ] what you heard [ __ ]  ball play play could treat me like them  day they had to halloween  [Music]  [Music]  work this [ __ ] like a drummer kid  instead a whole clip ain't gotta call  the [ __ ] soul i keep that racket on my  we've got home reduction we've got  narakan we've got juice we've got  chocolate he built this shed on top of a  swamp where he stays with his girlfriend  kelsey martin that's some of the heroin  that's not much at all that's like a  half a point yeah it's like ten dollars  worth  i have a pretty hefty habit so i like i  can do probably  this ten times a day he says there's  been a shift in policing i have bigger  fish to fry and bigger worries than  whether or not they're using some heroin  ain't going broke again cause i must go  again it did flip i ain't [ __ ] with  amigos got a [ __ ] who gon shoot if i  can't ever make that trip he put no  pawns in the whip you know that money  good  [Music]  [Music]  me tough miss you to pieces  [Music]